Welcome to our Medical Encyclopedia.
Next, we will briefly present acromegaly and a bit of its history.
What is Acromegaly?
Acromegaly is a rare disease caused by an excess
of growth hormone, usually due to a tumor
in the pituitary gland.
This condition causes abnormal growth in bones and tissues.
A very famous case of gigantism related to acromegaly
is that of Robert Wadlow, also known as "The Giant of Alton."
Born in 1918 in Alton, Illinois, Wadlow grew to 2.72 meters tall,
making him the tallest person ever recorded in history.
His extreme height was the result of continuous growth.
Regarding the physical and social impact, despite his fame,
Wadlow's life was complicated. His size required specialized medical equipment
and custom-made shoes.
Additionally, his mobility was limited.
Still, he became a public figure, sponsored by a footwear company.
This allowed him to tell his story and raise awareness about his condition.
Helping in research advancements and driving medical progress.
Thank you for your attention.